Previously on Desperate Housewives.
It means a lot to her to feel included.
Sometimes dark clouds
have silver linings.
He sort of asked me out.
It's okay with you if I go out with him?
Sometimes they don't.
Once that baby comes,
I'm gonna be stuck
raising a child alone.
When it comes to life
on Wisteria Lane...
Will you marry me?
...things that seem
too good to be true...
Does she know you killed your wife?
...usually turn out...
Get away from him now while you can.
...to be deadly.
Brides are sensitive creatures,
and no one knows this better
than the bridesmaids
who have to deal with them.
Well, I think a 10-foot train is great,
but a shorter one would be just as nice,
and you wouldn't have to worry
about people tripping on it.
Personally, I love smoked rabbit,
but for a sure crowd-pleaser,
you can't beat chicken.
Sure, who doesn't love
a string quartet?
But if you got a band,
maybe people could dance,
as opposed to sway.
But the one area
where a bridesmaid's tact
is most required involves the dress...
So, what do you think?
...she's required to wear.
Well...
I'm not sure that I've ever seen
this shade of green before.
Yeah, don't you think
it'll be gorgeous with my colouring?
- Yes, it would look perfect.
- For someone with your colouring.
I mean, I was lucky to find these.
It's not easy putting a wedding together
in two weeks.
Then why the rush?
Yeah, Bree. I'd have thought of you
as a person who wants time to plan.
Well, Orson and I talked about it,
and we just feel, at our age,
it's silly to wait.
And with your help,
I'm sure we can get it all done.
Well, we are happy to pitch in.
Oh, that reminds me,
I have to get a copy
of the seating chart for you.
Gabby, you are in charge
of the centrepieces.
And don't worry, Susan.
I will think of a job for you.
Here's a job. How about talking her
out of marrying a homicidal dentist?
Susan, we don't know that.
All we have
is some crazy woman's accusation.
His wife vanished
and he didn't even tell Bree.
How much more proof do you need?
He says he's innocent.
She believes him.
If we say we don't,
she'll just end up hating us.
Well, I'm sorry.
I cannot sit here on my key-lime ass
and watch Bree
make the worst mistake of her life.
And what mistake would that be?
Well...
Honestly...
Yes, a bridesmaid can question
many of the bride's choices...
These dresses are hideous.
...but the groom isn't one of them.
The perfect couple.
We've all met them, haven't we?
That man and woman
so clearly made for each other,
we feel certain
they're on the road to happiness.
But that road has many detours.
And even perfect couples
can find themselves at a dead end.
- You want what?
- You heard me.
And I want the bedroom stereo,
I want the marble console,
and that painting of Saint Augustine.
- You don't even know who he is.
- I know he matches the drapes.
- People, can we focus here?
- And I want my pearl necklace back.
Don't think I didn't notice
that you swiped it.
That was my mama's
and hers before her.
I think it belongs in my family.
There was a time that you thought
I belonged in your family,
and you got over that.
- Stop eating my fries.
- I'm hungry.
You know what the doctor said.
You should see his cholesterol.
- This man bleeds bacon grease.
- Enough!
You two are gonna have to find a way
to deal with each other,
because you are about to
bring a child into this world,
and divorced or not,
once that child arrives,
you'll be bound together
for as long as you live.
Well, in that case,
have some more fries.
- I'll pick Kayla up on Sunday.
- Whenever. Just go.
- You and Turk have a great time.
- Oh, trust me, we will.
The man is a jackhammer.
- Bye, Tom.
- Bye.
See you Sunday.
Where is she going?
She and Turk are going
down to the river for the weekend.
That's Turk?
That's the new boyfriend? No.
Hey, hey, hey, Tom, please.
I don't want my daughter
hanging around with a guy like that.
You haven't even met him.
He could be
the sweetest man in the world.
More importantly,
ever since he entered the picture,
Squeaky Fromme is never around.
It has been bliss.
I haven't made this face in a week.
If you ruin this, so help me,
I will hurt you.
Just look at him. Look at him, please.
I swear, that is a child's skull
hanging from his rear-view mirror.
- Doesn't that concern you?
- No, I'm good.
Could be a monkey.
I think I will have the mesclun salad.
That's it? That's all you're having?
Well, all the food is very expensive.
You don't need to whisper.
The waiter knows
they're robbing us blind.
You can have whatever you want.
In that case, I'll have the lobster bisque
and the veal with the black truffles.
- Is that okay?
- Yeah, that's fine.
I'll just have Jane moved
to the VA hospital.
- Oh, my God.
- I'm kidding. It's fine.
- I'll have what she's having.
- Of course.
Thank you.
God, I love seeing you laugh.
Oh, well, it's been a long time since
I've been in the mood to. Thank you.
Oh, dear God.
- Did I squeeze too hard?
- No, it's my wife's parents.
Oh. Oh, wow.
Oh, is this gonna be awkward?
No, no, no, not unless,
of course, they see us.
- Ian.
- Awkward.
Jeff. Renee. What a delightful surprise.
It's so good to see you, dear.
Hello. I'm Renee,
and this is my husband, Jeff.
- Susan Mayer.
- Doctor. Dr Susan Mayer.
- She's new to Jane's neurology team.
- Oh.
I just assumed
you worked in Ian's publishing house.
Well, yes, how nice
that would have been, huh?
But, no, no. I'm a brain specialist.
Well, Dr Mayer, maybe I can ask you.
Our daughter's most recent EEG
showed brain spikes,
but it didn't change the score
on her Glasgow scale.
Why is that?
What an excellent question.
And this is the spinal cord.
And it, of course, attaches to the brain.
You don't have to
dumb it down for us, Doctor.
We've been dealing
with Jane's condition for years.
Oh, good.
Well, then, let's get technical.
Let's give Dr Mayer the night off.
She was in surgery for 10 hours today,
performing a craniotomy.
That's exactly the procedure Jane had.
How'd it go?
Well, it just... Wow.
I hear my phone vibrating.
Hello. Dr Mayer.
Yeah, what?
You say that his brain shut off?
Oh, I'll be right there. Stat.
I'm sorry. Duty calls.
Orson, I moved the furniture back.
Good Lord, Bree. Not again.
Don't you want our first dance
to be perfect?
There'll be 200 people staring at us.
You know, Bree,
since that incident
at our engagement party,
there's been a lot of dark talk about me.
Well, I don't pay attention to gossip.
I'm just saying I would understand
if you had second thoughts
about marrying a man
who's under a cloud.
Well, no one who knows you
could seriously believe
that you could hurt a woman.
Strangers may talk,
but I know the truth.
Really?
Men have lied to me before.
Believe me, it'll never happen again.
So you trust me completely?
Clearly I do.
The body is unusually well-preserved
because it was buried in clay.
- Do we have a cause of death?
- Blunt force trauma to the head.
I want you to pull
all the missing persons reports.
Cross-check against
her height, age and weight.
I'm also running a DNA panel,
since we won't be able
to use her dental records.
Why not?
Whoever killed her
pulled out all her teeth.
Nora.
What are you doing back?
Are you okay?
- Shut the door.
- Okay.
I don't want Kayla to find me like this.
- What's wrong?
- Turk and I had a fight.
What? No. No, no, no.
- What happened?
- What happened is Turk is an ass.
On the way to the river,
we stopped off at this bar,
and we were playing pool
and I got a little bitchy
with one of the waitresses.
Who cares, right? I mean, who cares?
It's a bar, and we all do it, right?
Right.
So, he tells me to watch my mouth,
and I'm like, "Whoa,
"get a load of Mr Two Strikes
trying to tell me how to act in public."
And then he called me a whore.
We're done.
Okay, whoa, whoa. Take a deep breath.
You don't break up with a guy
because, in a weak moment,
he calls you a whore.
And then, on the way out,
he threatened to hit me.
Okay, but he didn't.
He didn't and, you know, until...
Oh, jeez, Lynette.
Whose side are you on?
I'm on the side of love.
You guys seemed
like such a perfect couple.
- I know.
- I just... I...
You don't wanna throw that all away
'cause of a little fight with no hitting.
No, it's over.
I just got off the phone with
Turk's parole officer and I was like,
"Guess who ain't in Nevada no more."
Click.
I think I'm gonna
have to stay here tonight.
Freeze!
- Austin?
- Hey, Aunt Edie.
Anyway, Mom just got back
from a cruise to Jamaica
with new boobs
and a 24-year-old cabin boy.
Needless to say, me and Mr
"Can I get you some more hot towels?"
we didn't exactly hit it off.
So after I broke his nose,
I figured it was a great time
to come visit my favourite aunt.
Your mom always did have
lousy taste in men.
So, I figured
I'd crash here for the night,
then hitch down to Mexico,
hang out, party.
Yeah. I'm thinking, like, no way in hell.
You're gonna stay here with me until
things blow over with your mom, okay?
Cool. Thanks.
- Oh, wait. You're 18, right?
- Well, that's what my ID says.
Yeah, mine too.
Hey!
You are supposed to be on bed rest.
I'm bored.
Well, why don't you try
putting on a pair of pants?
That should kill a couple of hours.
Hey, babe.
Hey, what is she doing out of bed?
That can't be good for her.
Or the stairs.
- What do you want?
- The mediator was right.
A month from now, we're not
just gonna be Carlos and Gabby,
we're gonna be Mom and Dad.
And I don't wanna be at war
with the mother of my child.
So, here.
Your mama's pearls?
Carlos.
Thank you.
- And?
- And what?
Wouldn't you like to make
some reciprocal gesture?
Fine. You can come to Bree's
wedding reception, as my guest.
- Thanks. Where is it?
- Here.
Here? You're throwing the reception?
Yeah, that's our wedding present
to Bree.
So, I give you
a priceless family heirloom,
and in return, you invite me to a party,
at my house, that I'm paying for?
Well, what kind of gesture
did you have in mind?
The things I'll do for jewellery.
Susan, I am so sorry.
Dr Mayer?
Panic. Pure panic.
Here.
These are for ruining our first date.
Not in front of Mike.
Oh, look, Mike,
Ian brought you flowers.
I'll just go put them in some water.
Look, I was just trying
to protect Jane's parents.
Oh, please.
They still haven't accepted the fact
that Jane isn't going to wake up.
If they knew that we were on a date,
that I was trying to move on,
well, it would devastate them.
That's a really lovely excuse,
but it isn't the whole story, is it?
Excuse me?
A part of you feels like
you're cheating on her.
No. Well, perhaps a small part,
but that doesn't mean...
It's all right, 'cause I feel guilty, too.
That's why we should
just stop this right now,
because it's all way too complicated,
and I think we'd both be happier
if we just went back to being friends.
Well, I don't think I can do that.
The truth is, I haven't thought of you
as just a friend for some time now.
Maybe I shouldn't have let myself
feel that way, but I have.
And I can't go back. I'm sorry.
Well, if we can't be friends,
then I guess we'll be nothing.
Hey, leave that alone.
Sorry. I was just
turning it down.
- What, you're not a music fan?
- Sure.
It's just, got anything
where a pimp isn't beating his ho?
- I'm Austin, Edie Britt's nephew.
- Oh.
- I'm Julie, Susan Mayer's daughter.
Anyway, I was trying
to do my homework, so...
On a Saturday?
Well, make sure
and take regular breaks
and stop for a sensible dinner.
Just keep it down.
You had it really loud.
That's how I like it.
How do you like it?
You know what?
You're not that hot.
Hey, what you doing?
Oh, I'm working on the seating chart
for Bree's wedding.
- Nora? Who invited her?
- I did.
We need to find her another boyfriend,
and weddings
are crawling with single men.
I hope you're not seating her
next to any of my friends.
- Hey, sacrifices must be made, Tom.
- Look, Jerry Rawlings.
- Not Jerry Rawlings.
- Yes.
She gets her psycho hooks
into Jerry Rawlings,
he will never speak to me again.
Oh, there are other urologists
in the world.
Go back to that other guy.
- The one with the cold hands?
- Oh, it's once a year. Suck it up.
Get a grip, Lynette.
"Get a grip"?
I am hanging on for dear life here.
You are the one that brought
this little problem into our family,
and the only thing I should be hearing
from you is, "How can I help?"
I am also putting
Steve Hanson at her table,
so you might wanna start
shopping around for a new golf buddy.
"Get a grip."
Hi. My name's Susan Mayer.
Your neighbour told me
I could find you here.
Yeah?
Well, I was at my friend Bree's
engagement party the other night,
you know, when you came in
and you did that whole,
"Orson killed his wife" thing.
I was just wondering
if you could elaborate.
He killed her.
What else do you need to know?
Well, what makes you so sure?
Do you have any proof?
Look, I can't talk now. I get off at 6:00.
My friend is marrying that man
in two hours.
Please.
Okay, I need $10 in unrolled pennies,
and I need to see you count it
because last time you stiffed me.
After Alma disappeared,
the police came
and searched the house.
- The police? What did they find?
- Nothing.
- And that's bad why?
- Don't you get it?
When the police showed up,
Orson had scrubbed every
inch of the place clean with bleach.
No fingerprints, no skin cells, no DNA.
It was like Alma had never existed.
Who cleans a house like that
unless he has something to hide?
So, when I left the bank, I called
the detective that worked the case.
And he said that the only reason
Orson was never charged
was because they never found a body.
- So, he was an actual suspect?
- He was the only suspect.
- Oh, my God. What are we gonna do?
- Well, you know what we have to do.
That was close.
The florist put three mums
in my bridal bouquet,
but not to worry, crisis averted.
Bree, we have to talk.
Reverend, any word
from the bridal party?
They're still in the bride's room.
You know women.
They're probably in there
fussing about mascara and blush.
He did not hack her up
and dissolve the pieces in acid.
I said it was a theory.
The point is, Alma disappeared
under very suspicious circumstances.
I don't have time for this.
I'm getting married now.
This is your day. You can
push the ceremony back an hour.
Now, get that detective on the phone.
Talk things out with Orson.
I can't talk to Orson.
It's bad luck for the groom
to see the bride before the wedding.
You know what's really bad luck?
Marrying a wife killer.
If the three of you
don't drop this right now,
I will never forgive you.
Bree, we are just doing this
because we love you.
But if you can honestly tell us
that you don't have
the slightest doubt...
None whatsoever.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered here
together in the sight of God
to join this man and woman in holy...
Excuse me.
Could you give us just a second?
- Is something wrong?
- I just need a moment.
Before we do this,
there's something I need to ask you.
What?
Did you kill your wife?
Susan talked to that Carolyn woman.
Why didn't you tell me
that the police searched your house?
Because it's embarrassing,
and they didn't find anything.
Is that because you scrubbed
the house so thoroughly?
When I'm upset, I clean.
For God's sake, Bree,
I swear to you, I did not kill my wife.
Okay.
Proceed.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered here
together in the sight of God
to join this man and woman
in holy matrimony,
which is an honourable estate...
Hey, look at you, Miss Popular.
So, are you having a good time
over there?
As if.
And I don't know what idiot
stuck me at that table,
but every guy over there
is just a boring stiff.
All of them?
What about Jerry? Jerry's fun.
You mean Mr Fatty Hair Plugs?
Oh, yeah, he's a blast.
How about Steve?
You know what,
I hear his family has money.
Well, then maybe they could all chip in
and buy him some deodorant.
I'm through with those losers.
I'm gonna stay right here with you.
Are you gonna eat that?
- Hey, look at you.
- God, I hate wearing a tux.
On my way in, Bree's Aunt Fern
asked me to park the car.
She's got glaucoma.
To her, you're nothing
but a Hispanic blur.
Let me fix your tie.
- Hey, you're wearing Mama's pearls.
- Yeah.
Hey, Julie.
Have you met my nephew, Austin?
Yeah, we've met. I just didn't
recognise him with his shirt on.
She couldn't take her eyes off my abs.
I felt violated.
- Hi, Edie. Nice party, huh?
- It was.
Perfect.
Well, it's nice to see you two
getting along again.
We've sort of turned a corner.
Really? Does that mean
you're gonna be getting back together?
- God, no.
- Maybe.
Wow, is that shrimp?
What would make you think
I would even consider taking you back?
Well, you invited me to be your date.
Guest, Carlos. I said guest.
Come on, you've been flirting with me
since I came in.
"Here, baby, let me fix your tie."
I mean, for a woman
who's not interested,
you sure are sending
some mixed signals.
You want a clear signal? How's this?
- Ian.
- Susan.
What are you doing here?
Well, my cousin
is Dr Hodge's dental hygienist,
and her husband, he couldn't join her,
since he'd come down
with a spot of impetigo.
So she called me, knowing
how much I love a good garter toss.
- And so...
- Ian.
Yes, I am such a terrible liar.
I mean, impetigo.
Where did that come from?
So, what are you really doing here?
Look, I can't stop thinking about us,
about how great we could be together,
and I think you're making a mistake.
- Ian...
- Susan, please don't go.
- Can't we at least talk about this?
- I can't.
'Cause I have bridesmaid stuff.
Hi there.
I just wanted to say
you're doing a great job, Tad.
That's such a masculine name.
My boyfriend seems to like it.
Okay, here's the drill.
My ex is here and I wanna piss him off,
so just act like you're all hot for me,
and there's a 100-buck tip in it for you.
Right. So, should I cup your boob?
No, I'll drive.
Tequila. Straight.
Hey, are there any decent
single women at this wedding?
Not that I've seen.
Oh, damn it, not a one.
Hey, Carlos.
You should come over to our table.
That's where all the hotties are.
Hey, everyone. I'd say it is time
that we get Bree and Orson up here
for their first dance
as a married couple.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I give you Mr and Mrs Orson Hodge.
- Orson, you look so serious.
- I'm trying to remember my steps.
You're upset, aren't you?
You're still thinking about
what I said at the church.
Which part, darling?
The "I do" part
or the "Did you kill your wife?" part?
I'm sorry, but I had to ask.
That's my point. You had to ask.
You are gonna rot in hell for this.
Hey, I just brought
two lost souls together.
Okay, how about this?
He cheated on my friend.
He deserves every bit of crazy
she's gonna rain down on him.
Hell, rot, you.
What are they doing?
Rounding second
and heading for third.
Carlos!
Oh, hey, Gabby.
Look, I made a new friend.
Yes, I've been watching you make
your new friend, and it's disgusting.
Do you mind?
We're trying to dance here.
Who the hell are you, anyway?
And why the hell
are you at this wedding?
This is not gonna end well.
They're just two random people
who met at a wedding.
Can't pin it on me.
It was her.
Lynette Scavo, I wanna talk to you.
I'll see you at home.
What were you thinking?
I didn't invite you here
to embarrass me in front of my friends.
Oh, no, you just wanted me to watch
while you suck the zits
off some teenage waiter.
That's it. I take my invitation back.
You are no longer welcome
in my house.
Fine. I'll go.
Just give me back the pearls.
- No!
- Gabby.
- Carlos, no.
- They were my mama's.
No!
Now look what you've done.
Mrs Solis.
- No, Carlos.
- Give me that.
- Give me those.
- Pardon me, excuse me.
Get away. Those are mine.
- The hell they are.
- Mrs Solis.
- Not now, Xiao Mei.
- Mrs Solis!
Oh, for God's sakes, what?
I think maybe it's time.
And I wish you both
a lifetime of happiness.
Wow.
That was beautiful, Aunt Fern.
Thank you.
Hey, they mopped up
all the amniotic fluid,
so we should feel safe
to start the conga line.
Actually, I'd like to say a few words.
Bree, Orson,
your love is an inspiration to us all.
That's very sweet.
How do you know him?
I thought he was on your side.
Well, I know this is a second wedding
for both of you,
and I think you're jolly brave.
So often people find excuses
not to fall in love again.
They're afraid.
But it's rare to find somebody
that you connect with,
so when you do,
you have to follow your heart.
Bree, Orson, I salute you.
All right.
Let's get the music cranking and...
Actually, Tom,
could you just hang on a second?
I also would like to say a few words.
To Bree and Orson.
Yes, what could be better
than a second love?
And this time, you enter into it
a little older, a little wiser.
But also, and this is key,
with a bit of caution.
Because while love can be
spontaneous and wonderful,
it can also be selfish.
And sometimes, the best thing
you can do is just to walk away.
Not you two.
I mean, you two crazy kids are great.
Congrats. Yeah.
- Well, then, let's...
- Hang on.
I'd like to respond to that toast.
Bree, Orson, sometimes walking away
can seem the best choice.
It's certainly the safest.
But what do you do
when you find someone
who makes you feel joy when
you thought you never would again?
Do you just let them go?
No.
No, I can't do that.
You wanna...
No.
I'm good.
All right, then, let's dance.
Well, I thought you might need
a change of clothes.
Yeah, you're still mad at me, huh?
What were you thinking,
setting Carlos up with that skank?
I am sorry. I was desperate.
I had a little too much to drink.
And you are divorcing Carlos.
No, Lynette,
Carlos will never be fair game.
- You know the rules.
- You're right.
You are right. You're right. I'm so sorry.
It's just...
What?
I'm so unhappy.
Ever since that woman
pushed her way into our lives,
I can't even work up a smile.
And the more she pushes,
the more I resent Tom.
Tom, for something he did
12 years ago.
And I'm afraid if I can't fix this,
that the anger's
just gonna fester until...
Lynette, listen to me.
You and Tom will survive this.
No, seriously, Gabby.
I am so tired of pretending to smile.
You and Tom will survive this.
Yeah? How can you be so sure?
Because some marriages
were built to last.
And some aren't.
Trust me, I know the difference.
I'm looking for Bree Van De Kamp.
Could you excuse me
for just a minute?
Orson, congratulations.
Excuse me.
Are you Mrs Van De Kamp?
It's Hodge now.
Yes, I'm terribly sorry
to barge in like this,
but we need your husband
to come down to the morgue.
We may have found his wife's body.
Push, Xiao Mei, push.
Okay, okay. Deep breaths now.
We're getting close.
It's time.
I can't believe this is happening.
Honey, I'm gonna cry.
- Carlos, I am so sorry about the...
- Me, too, me, too.
- I was way out of line.
- No, I forgive you.
It's worth it when you experience
a moment as beautiful as this.
Okay, I can see the head now.
Oh, get the camera! Get the camera!
Oh, my God.
Oh, man, I gotta get the colour
fixed on this thing.
How could this have happened?
What kind of half-assed fertility clinic
are you running?
Prior to implantation,
your embryo was accidentally switched
with another client's.
So if we got theirs and they got ours,
then it's possible...
Now, I'm afraid your embryo
didn't take.
Again, on behalf of the clinic,
I am so sorry.
- It's rare, but these things do happen.
- Excuse me.
You screw up our lives
and the best you can do is,
"That's the way the cookie crumbles"?
And who is this guy?
Why is he writing down
everything I say?
This is Mr Darby, our attorney.
We thought it wise
to have him present.
You know what else
would have been wise?
Sticking the right baby
in the right belly.
Mrs Solis, please.
That's not Alma.
- Are you sure?
- Absolutely.
Thank God.
Carolyn. What is she doing here?
You didn't honestly think
they'd take your word for it, did you?
It's not her.
Well, that's it, then.
Sorry for wasting your time.
This means nothing.
I'm telling you,
that man is as guilty as sin.
We know what you think.
Now, would you please leave us alone?
He's a cold-blooded killer.
He's kind and decent,
and nothing you could say
will ever make me doubt him again.
Now, please go.
- You deserve him.
- I hope to.
Darling, I am so sorry
you had to endure that.
- Are you all right?
- I'm fine.
Let's just go back to our guests
and forget any of this ever happened.
All right.
Tu me manques, Monique.
- Well.
- Yeah.
- I feel so...
- Me, too.
Well, you know what the good news is.
What's that?
Now that there's no baby,
it'll make the divorce a lot simpler.
Yeah, that's something.
So...
See you at the mediator's.
See you then.
Have you met the perfect couple?
The two soul mates
whose love never dies?
The two lovers whose relationship
is never threatened?
The husband and wife
who trust each other completely?
If you haven't met the perfect couple,
let me introduce you.
They stand atop
a layer of butter cream frosting.
The secret of their success?
Well, for starters,
they don't have to look at each other.